[indistinct voices speaking]
[woman speaking over P.A.]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [TV playing]
[exhales]
[sighs]
[sighs heavily]
Can I sit down?
Hi. Frank.
Hey. you.
[groans softly]
I'm okay.
You feel safe here. right?
Yeah. me. too.
Felt the same way.
You don't have to stay here.
I couldn't see a way out.
[laughs]
Join the club.
I couldn't. either.
[laughs]
You just want
to run and get out.
But there's nowhere to go.
You were right
about Uncle George.
I didn't want to be.
[exhales]
I love you.
Okay.
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
♪ ♪
[siren wails in distance]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [footsteps approaching]
You got to be shitting me.
That's a whole other story.
So how is she?
She's fine.
She's gonna be fine.
[Billy] Well. George got her
to agree to a 5150.
They've got her for 72 hours.
What a major
fucking prick he is.
Your brother tried to kill me.
Were you surprised?
- No.
- I'm not the least bit fucking surprised.
Well. I-I just don't
understand it.
I mean. why would he do that?
He's got Kate and he's winning.
Winning isn't enough for George.
Will you testify?
♪ ♪
[entry bells jingle]
What do you say. Lisa?
Hey. Billy.
You all right?
Same old. same old.
Clean hand today.
thank goodness.
So just a little shot
of mother's milk will do me.
Sure you didn't rub
that off yourself?
[chuckles] Nope.
He went easy on me.
Lady's buying.
Spring roll?
They're actually quite good.
No. thanks.
You sure you want
to be seen with me?
We can keep our distance.
so to speak.
Please.
How can I help you?
Oh. I think you've done quite
a bit already. haven't you?
Been a busy little bee.
gumming up the works.
The judge voided
our Zax Pharma settlement.
Really. what happened?
[laughs] Please.
like you don't know.
Well. you fired me.
I'm off the case.
I'm enjoying my unemployment
and doing a little sightseeing
- in the meantime.
- Lovely.
- Shame I can't read your travelogue.
- Mm.
Not until after the trial.
Of course.
Well. McBride.
you continue to enjoy yourself.
And I will continue
to pay your rent
just as long you need to...
sightsee.
Well. that's
awfully kind of you.
[chuckles] Kindness has
nothing to do with it.
I don't like you.
You like me a little bit.
This case has developed a stink.
and you sniffed it out
long before I did.
so I have no choice.
I have to trust
and your instincts.
Okay.
And quite frankly...
I'm afraid.
Afraid of what?
Sam.
Her reaction
to Tom's death was...
odd. cold.
And I had a dream
that night that she...
slit my throat
with a pearl-handled
letter opener.
Which I'm sure
she's wanted to do
ever since I married her father.
But...
she's never quite disturbed
my sleep like that before.
Yeah. I've been having
a few dark dreams myself.
Do you survive them?
I don't know yet.
I'm still waiting to see.
Is Sam compromised?
Unfortunately. yeah.
Fuck.
What do I do?
The only person
that can save Sam
from this is Sam.
[footsteps approaching]
- [knocking]
- Hey. you.
Benefits from Tom True's
life insurance policy.
They need your signature
for the release.
No. they don't.
Then consider it a formality.
I don't want to be
the lone signatory on this.
It's too damn awful.
Come in.
[sighs]
I can still hear
Tom whistling in the hallway.
the way he did... his tuneless.
phantom whistling.
I'll never understand
why he decided to go like this.
Christ. what was he thinking?
Well. that's the thing
about suicide.
You just never know.
There is another matter
to discuss.
Oh. yeah?
Your life insurance policy.
What about it?
Well. with Tom gone.
it would be financially prudent
to increase your premiums.
However. your...
multiple sclerosis is
a complication.
Ava. you do what you need to do.
You'll probably be the last
Margolis standing anyway.
Yes.
And who's to say
I wouldn't shutter the firm
before the ink is dried
on your own benefits check.
Because you wouldn't do that.
- Wouldn't I?
- No.
It's my father's firm.
My husband's firm.
And I will continue
to honor his legacy
even if you don't.
Get the fuck out
of my office now.
- Thank you for this.
- Oh. you're welcome.
[exhales]
Oh. thank God. Peter.
- Give it to me.
- Hey. Patty.
You want some gum?
- What?
- Some gum?
No. I'm set. thank you.
Yeah. I tried the patches.
but they make me feel weird.
Cool.
[clears his throat]
You lost your witness.
Excuse me?
Kate Zax. she's out.
I'm sorry. who the fuck are you?
- I'm the messenger.
- What?
Her uncle had her locked up.
5150 psychiatric hold.
Jesus Christ.
when did that happen?
Don't know. Didn't ask.
You got a meeting set up
for you tonight.
You got all the details there.
- Who am I meeting?
- I don't know. I'm just the messenger.
Make sure you're not followed.
Last call.
I don't want your gum. man!
- Sure? All right. okey-doke.
- Yes! Shit!
Peter?
Thank you.
♪ ♪
Fuck.
Hey. listen. I got
something wrong with the key.
- I can't get in.
- Well. it's all clear down here.
I mean. you still have some time
to figure it out.
Just try the neighbors. then.
- All right.
- [knocking]
[chuckles]
Can I help you?
Uh. Margaret. right?
- Carol.
- Carol. right. right.
Carol. I think I saw you in
the hallway with Tom one day.
- Oh. maybe. yeah.
- So anyway...
uh. I'm supposed to get some
stuff out of Tom's apartment
for him. but I can't
get him on the phone.
And he gave me
the wrong stupid key.
- so I was just gonna see...
- Oh!
is there any way I can...?
You want to use my fire escape?
- That'd be great.
- Okay. well. come on in.
- Thank you. thank you very much.
- Okay.
Sure.
[♪ The Seven Ups:
"Bello at Night"]
[Brittany] No way!
Kenny?
Oh. my God!
I knew it was you!
I saw you from. like.
a mile away. I swear
I have. like. eagle eyes.
What the hell are you doing
- in San Francisco. dude?
- I'm sorry...
Don't tell me that you don't
remember me. because if you
don't remember. then what
does that say about me?
- Right?
- Do I know you?
You don't remember me
from the wedding?
I'm not insulted. but I'm. like.
lowkey mad just a little bit.
You look very handsome.
by the way. Really?
- I'm sorry. I...
- Oh. my hair was different.
I mean. I don't know
if you. like.
still have that "girlfriend"
or whatever. but...
- [Ken] I have work to do.
- No. it's fine.
It's fine. I know we're busy.
We're all busy. right?
So what... Oh. whoops.
Did I drop my
earring in here?
Hey. Billy.
Work out okay?
Oh. yes. thank you
very. very much.
I got what I came for.
Could I get you a drink?
If I had time.
I really would. Carol.
- But I. I'm. uh. kind of...
- Aw.
I got to.
I got to get this to Tom.
- Okay.
- Um. so... Okay.
Next time. see you
in the hallway. huh?
- Next time. yes.
- Good to see you. Billy.
You. too. Carol.
- Hey. Patty.
- What are you doing here?
Well. I'm kind of stranded.
Can I stay
at your place tonight?
No!
Oh.
[♪ Skinshape: "After Midnight"]
Cool.
I'm busy as fuck
and I'm late for a thing.
So can we talk in the car?
So I can stay?
Ooh. man.
Does your mother know
you're in San Francisco?
What does it matter?
- Okay.
- [elevator bell dings]
[Patty] All right.
what happened?
- [Casey] Well. my dad said I could stay at his place.
- Uh-huh.
But he wasn't home.
He is in Cabo with Rhonda.
Oh. fuck Rhonda. So he didn't
know you were coming?
Well. I didn't want to give him
the opportunity to say no.
That's smart.
So here's the deal.
You can stay with me tonight
on one condition.
You have to text your mother
and tell her where you are.
Oh. come on!
She doesn't give
a shit about me.
I don't give a shit about your
feelings. Text your mother.
Patty. I'm so tired
of her telling me
that I'm wasting my life
waiting tables.
not going to college.
- I can't take it anymore.
- Look. I get it.
I get it. Things are rough
with Christina right now.
But. honestly. the best thing
that you can do
is try to be kind.
- and tell her where you are.
- Why?
Because I fucking said so!
You want to stay with me or not?
Shit.
- Jesus! God.
- Jesus Christ!
All right. stay here.
lock the fucking doors.
don't be stupid. okay?
Love you.
[grunts]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
[water dripping]
[dogs barking in distance]
♪ ♪
Hi. uh. Patty Solis-Papagian.
It's Patty Solis-Papagian.
Oh. inside.
Okay.
Hi. Hi. okay.
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. my God.
[♪ The Chinese Virtuosi:
"Lui Quin Niang"]
Hello.
Do you know
what a big risk it is for us
- to meet like this?
- Yeah. I know.
What? What happened?
What? Is Kate all right?
Yeah. she'll be fine.
but she's done.
- No. she's not done.
- Mm-hmm.
She can't be done. Billy.
Listen. I'll get the judge
to order a continuance
until she's released
- from her psych hold.
- I got you somebody better.
- Who?
- Frank Zax.
Kate's father.
He's the chemist
behind Trimadone.
He'll be a better witness.
but...
it's gonna be a challenge.
Great. Define "challenge."
Well. he's had
some mental issues.
- Uh-huh.
- Kate's too vulnerable right now.
It's too fresh for her.
But Frank's lived with his
illness for a long. long time.
If you can keep him on track.
he's our best witness.
He's been with George
every step of the way.
Okay.
All right.
Now. listen. you got to get
the Amurzyn test results
on record.
- The ones from Cooperman.
- How?
Uh. the judge is
not gonna allow that.
Well. you got to try.
It'll corroborate
Frank's testimony.
And otherwise it's just
his word against George.
You know. I just. I really
wish that you could just...
I just wish you were in court.
Well... this is your case.
You got this.
Right.
Okay.
When do I meet. um...
- Frank.
He's gonna drop by the office
in about a half an hour.
My office?
Mm-hmm.
So you want Sam to see him?
Think it's good for her
to see who's on deck.
How's it going with her anyway?
Oh. it's fucking terrible. yeah.
No. I don't trust her at all.
Uh...
Super. okay. I will head
back to the office.
And I will gather the paperwork.
And then. I don't know.
when is the ne...
Oh. fuck! My sister's here.
- Fuck. what am I gonna do with her?
- Where is she?
She's waiting for me in the car.
- She going to your place?
- Mm-hmm.
Okay. I'll take her.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
Oh. that'd be fucking awesome.
I'd love to meet your sister
anyway.
That's... Please don't make
this a creepy thing.
- How is that creepy?
- It's a little creepy
- when you say it like that.
- I mean I'd like to meet your sister.
- See what your sister's like.
- You did it again.
- Yeah. Pay attention.
- What?
First. front door. second...
I'll figure it out.
just... you get going.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you very. very much.
- Patty?
- Yeah?
You're doing a great job.
I'm drowning.
Okay. thank you.
Okay. so...
easy questions to start.
- Okay.
Uh. what year did you
and your brother
start Zax Pharma?
What year were you born?
Mm-mm. that...
see. that's not relevant.
It's just...
you look real young.
- Mm-hmm.
- And yet you have major game.
Okay. um... can y...
- That was a compliment.
- Sure.
Yeah.
You probably weren't even born
when my brother and I started.
'79?
No.
Oh. wow. you don't have
a four yet?
- Oh. God. no. no... Hi.
- Excuse me?
Uh. this is our new
key witness. Frank Zax.
Good evening.
Can I have a word?
Yeah.
I know the tone.
- And the drill.
- I will be right back.
What's up?
You realize Frank Zax
was institutionalized?
Yeah. I'm gonna
take that head-on.
And you think that's wise?
I don't want to lose control
of the narrative.
I think it's important
to be as honest
and open as possible.
Okay.
You're not at all curious
about what happened to Kate Zax?
[quiet laugh]
I will be included
on all witness prep
going forward.
So you been
to San Francisco before?
No.
Yeah. I'm kind
of new here myself.
Must be nice you get to see
Patty for a while. right?
She doesn't want me here.
Well...
you know. she's busy.
she's working on a big case.
I wouldn't take it personally.
It's fine. I get it.
She's been different
since the baby.
Does she talk
about what happened?
- With the baby?
- Yeah.
It was really premature.
Something wrong with the blood
vessels and the brain.
I forget what it's called.
Mm.
Yeah. I didn't know
any of the details.
So I got a daughter
about your age.
Good kid.
She in college?
She was. but. uh. I don't
know what she's doing now.
She won't talk to me.
Oh.
You could text her.
She doesn't want to talk to me.
I didn't talk to my dad for...
like. a year after the divorce.
And then he started
sending me pictures
of random dogs
in his neighborhood.
Did you talk to him after that?
After about...
- 20 dogs.
- Mm.
Well. maybe I'll text her
a few dogs
and see what happens.
She won't respond right away.
That's good to know.
I've heard you loud and clear.
And I think you're right.
About?
It's time I stepped in.
Take this case to
the finish line for my father.
[exhales]
Okay. and how does
Patty feel about that?
Well. I'm gonna
tell her tomorrow.
Not much is gonna
change for her. though.
She's still gonna be
first chair.
I'm gonna be sitting
at the table.
Hmm.
And are you prepared?
I mean. you really should
consider your health.
Never felt better.
Thank you. though.
[elevator bell dings]
[doors open]
I forgot my scarf.
You got to protect your neck.
- [footsteps approaching]
- [knocking]
- Patty?
- Yeah?
Um. Sam's gonna
take over the case.
- What?
- You will still be first chair.
So I would keep doing whatever
it is that you're doing.
But she'll be there...
next to you.
And she'll be empowered to do
whatever it is
that she's going to do.
What is she going to do?
Well. I...
I mean. I don't know.
Okay. what am I supposed to do?
I would suggest
that you make sure
you're as prepared
as you could possibly be.
You know? So. I mean...
Patty. look. you're
a very formidable character
in your own unique way;
I'm sure you'll work it out.
And it'll be great.
Good night.
[whispering]
"Formidable character."
What?!
- [drums beating]
- [crowd clamoring]
Joe. what the fuck?
Sorry. Mr. Z. parade.
All right. fuck it.
I'll walk.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [crowd clamoring]
[fireworks popping]
[intercom buzzes]
[Frank] So you heard?
I warned you.
Don't get Kate involved in this.
I got Kate out of it.
You. I don't know
what the fuck you're doing.
I'm making a mess.
Frank. what...
Fuck.
[sighs]
Okay. Frank.
Why?
Oh. that's actually
a pretty good question.
I guess because I think
it's the right thing to do.
Yeah. so it's about me. right?
No!
It's about Kate. you asshole.
Kate...
You-you could be destroying
everything we built
for our kids.
If your fucking problem
is with me. let's deal
with it right here. right now.
What do you want?
You don't even fucking know.
I mean. you're doing this why?
To-to be a fucking hero?
So Kate will love you?
Because that ship has sailed.
that ship has run aground.
Frank...
I'm here. okay?
Now is the time.
Let's make one last deal.
Okay. you don't testify.
and I will give you...
fill in the blank.
Keep begging.
- Oh. fuck you!
- Go ahead. sell it to me.
That's what you love doing.
that's what you're great at.
Tell me about the sky
that you can give me
or the magic beans.
You don't even know
what you're selling anymore.
nor do you give a shit!
You never built anything
in your life.
You're a fucking parasite.
[grunts]
[moans]
[laughing]
Well. congratulations!
Oh. boy!
You slipped one past
a dying old man.
And I certainly won't
forget that tomorrow
when I take the stand.
Parasite.
[Patty] Good morning.
Dr. Zax.
- [Frank] Morning. ma'am.
- You go by Frank. right?
Arthur was my father's name.
Understood. And your brother
is George Zax?
So you and your brother started
Zax Pharmaceuticals together.
How would you describe
your roles in the company?
I was the chief pharmaceutical
scientist
and lead drug designer.
And George was the president.
CEO.
What types of drugs
did you develop
while you were at the company?
Well. I began making. uh.
Zax Lax.
[laughs] Laxatives.
Okay.
Antacids and then we moved
onto opioids: Trimadone.
Amurzyn...
Objection!
May we have a moment.
Your Honor?
- [clearing his throat]
- What the fuck is that?
- What is that?
- You'll find out.
I'm filing a motion
in limine to exclude
any information about Amurzyn
from his testimony.
The f... No. you're not.
On what grounds?
This case is about Trimadone.
Any mention
of Amurzyn is irrelevant.
Your Honor. Amurzyn is the crux
of our case.
It proves they knew
that Trimadone was addictive.
Any probative value
it may have...
and I'm being generous here...
is substantially outweighed
by the unfair prejudice
and confusion
of issues it brings with it.
And if the jury's verdict is
tainted by any mention of it.
that would be grounds
for an immediate appeal.
I'm confident you'll find
some way around it.
Ms. Solis-Papagian.
You're a class act.
Your Honor. thank you.
Motion is granted.
Dr. Zax?
You cannot mention Amurzyn at
any point during your testimony.
Got it.
[Patty exhales] Okay.
[clears her throat]
So tell me...
how does a company go
from making laxatives
to opioids?
Right there.
- Right there? Huh.
- George. my brother.
He wanted to move our company
into pain management.
[Patty] Because pain management
is big business?
Well. laxatives are only
really temporary relief.
Pain management is...
downtown. long-term.
Hmm. so big money?
Now you got it.
Did you agree with his strategy?
- I'm sorry?
- His strategy.
- Did you agree with it?
- At the beginning. yeah.
I wanted to come up
with a milder analgesic.
Was there any reason
that you didn't want to make
an opioid-based painkiller?
Too addictive.
- Oh.
- And we've had centuries
to prove that: opium.
morphine. codeine.
So just to be clear.
opiates are used
to manufacture
opioid-based painkillers?
Yeah. they're man-made.
So if everyone knows that
natural opiates are addictive.
then why wouldn't it be
the same for synthetic opioids?
Well. one reason is there was
a piece in the New England
Journal of Medicine
around 1980.
where some doctors said
that opioids
were not addictive...
statistically speaking.
Was the letter
peer-reviewed or...
- scientifically backed up?
- No. ma'am.
It was only a paragraph long.
But George found it.
He loved it because
he thought it gave us legal
- cover.
- Were you swayed by the letter?
I'm a scientist!
Excuse me
for raising my voice. but no.
It was just an opinion piece.
But George.
he didn't give a shit.
Dr. Zax. language. please.
So the test results
from Trimadone come back.
What do they say?
- It said it was addictive.
- So. Dr. Zax.
why. if you knew
that Trimadone was addictive.
why didn't you shelve it?
Why didn't you work
on something else?
I tried to.
I thought I had developed
a non-addictive formula for it.
But then suddenly I ran
- into unexpected complications.
- Objection!
- This guy.
- [Reiss] Dr. Zax. please refrain
from mentioning Amurzyn.
She asked me a question.
how am I supposed
- to answer?
- [Reiss] Ms. Solis-Papagian.
would you like
to try that again?
Sure.
If you knew
that Trimadone was addictive.
why did you release it?
Well. 'cause that was
George's call.
He never seemed
really interested
in any of my concerns.
All he wanted to do was get
Trimadone out there
as fast as he could.
It was an undeniable
business model for him.
An addictive. legal drug?
Sells itself.
What happened next?
He pushed me out of the company.
He got rid of me.
Done. "You're done here."
He wanted to be the only Zax
in Zax Pharma.
And went on to make billions...
and I mean billions of dollars...
off people's lives.
Um. can I have a moment.
Your Honor?
Just one moment.
The jury loves him. I think
we should just end here.
What are you... Are you...
You want me to skip over
the mental health issues?
Let Griffin address it. yeah.
No way.
this is the perfect time.
I insist.
- They're gonna destroy...
- I insist.
[Reiss] Um. Ms. Solis-Papagian.
anything else?
Yeah. one more thing.
Your Honor.
Frank. would you do me a favor?
Would you take a look
at our fine jury. please?
Want to tell everyone
why you have a black eye?
Well. my brother punched me.
I'm sorry. your brother George
- punched you. is that right?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Why? Yeah.
- Why?!
Because I was
testifying against him.
Thank you.
Thank you. ma'am.
No further questions.
We know you know
a lot about drugs. Frank.
Is that solely from
your professional experience?
- Objection.
- I'll rephrase.
Are you currently
taking any drugs
that may alter
your mental state?
I'm taking clozapine
and. uh. lamotrigine.
An antipsychotic
and a mood stabilizer.
Well. you've been
to school. haven't you?
You take those to treat
your schizoaffective disorder.
- right?
- [Patty] Objection!
No. this goes beyond the scope
of relevance. Your Honor.
- Your Honor?
- Both of you. up here.
- [Patty clears throat]
- [Griffin mutters]
This questioning goes
straight to his credibility.
Mental illness does not mean
that his credibility is
impaired.
That's for the court to decide.
No. he is bullying
a vulnerable person.
Your Honor. and he is
stigmatizing mental illness.
and that is not fair.
This witness's credibility is
the heart of this case.
Your Honor. and I'm asking
for some leeway.
You're playing a very
dangerous game. Mr. Petock.
I don't see that I have
any other choice here.
It's not my fault
the plaintiffs didn't address
their witness's issues.
Hmm. Objection overruled.
You may continue. with caution.
- Yes. Your Honor.
- [Patty sighs]
- [Griffin] Frank?
- Yeah?
Are you taking
this drug regimen regularly?
Twice a day.
And you started taking
those meds about 25 years ago.
around the time
you left Zax Pharma?
Could be something
like that. yeah.
about... quarter of a century.
Do you have
any trouble differentiating
between reality and delusion?
None.
You said your brother
pushed you out of Zax Pharma
because you tried
to stop Trimadone.
- correct?
- That's correct.
And that was...
on August 5. 1994?
- Correct?
- [Frank sighs]
I don't know.
Do you happen
to remember what happened
the week before. on July 30?
You got me. bud.
- Does this refresh your memory?
- Objection!
Your Honor. we don't have
whatever that is.
Now you do. Exhibit 233.
Any reason that you've kept
this to yourself. Mr. Petock?
Dr. Zax is
a surprise witness. Your Honor.
Thrown at us at the last minute.
We're doing our best
to cross-examine him
given the time constraints.
Consider yourself
on a short leash. Mr. Petock.
Can you read that report.
please?
Just the highlighted
parts will do.
Objection. hearsay!
The document's over 20 years old
and a part
of official state records.
Overruled.
Dr. Zax. you may read.
[Griffin] Can you please
read the report?
I wear glasses
and they're at my house.
Oh. of course!
Georgie comes in!
Happens to have
a pair of my glasses
in his pocket
at his trial.
- Where do I read?
- [Griffin] Just the highlighted parts will do.
[Frank] "Officers reporting
to the 200 block of Turk Street
found Arthur Francis Zax.
age 51. walking down
the middle of the road...
...naked
and in a state of irritability
and confusion."
[Frank sighs]
"He was taken into custody
for evaluation."
You were suffering
through a lot of delusions
during this period.
weren't you?
[Frank] I don't remember.
I know I was under
a lot of stress.
But. sir. this was the incident
that caused your brother
to get you long-term.
professional care.
- Was it not?
- He locked me up. for Christ's sake!
You call that care?
And you weren't removed
from Zax Pharma
until you were declared
incompetent.
- right?
- The man used that as an excuse
so I couldn't stop him
from bringing out Trimadone.
That man took me
away from my wife...
...and my daughter.
[Griffin] You were married
at this time?
Yes.
- Where was she during this time?
- [Patty] Objection!
What-what does this have
to do with anything. Your Honor?
Everything. I'll be there
in three questions.
You may continue.
but I am counting.
Where was your wife. Frank?
[Frank] I don't know.
I was locked up.
You told your brother
- she went back to China. correct?
- Yeah. that's true.
She missed her family.
so she went back to China.
But that's not
the whole truth. is it?
She went home to be buried
- with her family. didn't she?
- What?!
Buried?
- No. no.
- She committed suicide. didn't she?
- That never happened.
- Sir.
I have the death certificate.
Do you want to see it?
[Frank] No.
[Griffin] You don't remember
because you were suffering
from persecutory delusions
at the time.
You were telling her that the
state was coming for you both.
That they were going
to take her away.
and send her
to a forced labor camp.
You drove her to take
her own life.
- didn't you?
- It's not true!
She just wanted to be
with her family in China!
And if that was the case.
do you think she would
ever abandon her only child?
What?
Page two
of the police report. sir.
Will you please read
that part for me?
[exhales]
"Officers conducting
a welfare check
at his residence
found an... found an...
...unattended female minor."
[gallery murmuring]
"The child was turned over
to the care of her uncle."
[Griffin] You claim
to have a very clear memory
about Trimadone.
That it was addictive
and you tried to stop
your brother from releasing it.
But during
the exact same time period.
you didn't realize
your wife had died.
Or that you had abandoned
your daughter.
Because it's not true!
You can't fall for this.
It's an act!
He's a performer.
he tells stories!
He puts thoughts in your head!
Is that what you think
your brother does. Frank?
Puts thoughts in your head?
No. [sighs] That's not
what I mean. I. I...
He tells stories.
He's a salesman.
He's very slick.
He's very shrewd
and he always knows what to say.
And he's a liar.
[Griffin] Exhibit 234.
It's an adoption application.
Signed by you.
waiving all your parental rights
- to Kate.
- This isn't real.
You faked this. didn't you?
Is that not your signature?
Forgery! Forgery!
It's confirmed
by a public notary. sir.
Oh. my God.
you bought the notary?
[Griffin] The truth is.
sir.
your brother did not steal
your daughter.
In a rare moment of clarity.
you gave her to him to raise.
to take care of.
because. sir. you could not.
No. that...
that never happened.
Did it?
[exhales]
You don't remember much
from that time period.
Especially about Trimadone.
right?
You hate your brother
for having you committed.
for adopting your daughter.
don't you?
But this is some kind of lawyer
trickery bullshit.
He punched me.
- He never punched you.
- He punched me!
- You did that to yourself.
- Fuck you.
- [Reiss] Dr. Zax!
- Fuck you and your chickenshit mustache!
- [Reiss] Dr. Zax. sit down!
- Order in the court!
- Get the fuck out of my way.
Dr. Zax. sit down!
- Get out of my way!
- Get the jury out of here!
- You... get up!
- Call the marshal to...
- Go! Leave now!
- Get up!
- Go!
- Oh. don't sit back
with that smug fucking shit
on your face.
You know better than anybody
alive...
that I am not crazy.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
[birds chirping]
[door opens]
I'm in here.
This won't take long.
Good. I don't have much time.
You've been pretty thorough.
And I don't even know
the half of what you've done.
- What have I done. Billy?
- I don't know.
Maybe it's just a payoff
to keep the lights on
or maybe you struck
a bigger deal with George Zax.
I don't know. but until
that jury leaves the room
to deliberate.
you still have a chance
to get out of this thing.
You see Dr. Ming today?
I just don't see
how any of it really matters.
[spits] You know.
I'm gonna be in pain
for the rest of my life.
I'm not gonna get away
with anything. Billy.
Yeah. I know how you feel.
No.
You don't.
No. actually. I do.
I've been there.
If you're gonna be angry.
be angry with me.
But don't go down this way.
Just let yourself out.
Yeah.
All right.
Have a listen.
[phone chimes]
[door opens]
- [birds chirping]
- [door closes]
[sighs]
[Tom] Rob.
you were right.
Billy's a good guy.
So you stick close to him.
'cause he's on the right side
of this thing.
So whatever he asks you
to do. do it.
Even if it seems crazy.
And I told him if he can see
a way through this.
he's a better lawyer than me.
I let it get personal.
Sometimes it works
to your advantage.
other times...
it crushes your soul.
Now...
my soul is crushed.
But I'm hopeful.
I'm hopeful for the first time
in such a long time. Rob.
I hope
those fucking assholes bleed
and choke and shit the same pain
my poor Amanda endured.
Those soulless
fucking cocksuckers.
Hold on a minute.
I think someone's following me.
Oh. hey. hey. get away
from me. you piece of...
You piece of shit.
get away from me!
[Tom exclaims]
No! No. don't!
Don't. don't. don't.
don't...
[Sam sobbing]
[muffled shouting]
- Hey.
Mom's here.
Thank you so much for having her
finally text me.
A friend was gonna pick her up
and drive her home.
I imagined them in a ditch.
- so... thank you.
- It's no problem.
Are you packed?
Mm. almost. yeah.
Al... You're almost packed?
- Mom. stop.
- Wh...
You don't...
Mm.
I can't do anything right.
How was your day?
How was court?
Uh. court was a shitshow.
Uh. what happened?
I had a gut feeling.
and I got talked out of it.
- And... my case is fucked.
- Hmm.
Not very good.
Is the trial over. or...
- No.
Well. that's good.
Now you have more time
to not fuck it up.
- Right?
- I guess so. yeah.
Hmm.
Have you eaten?
I have not. no.
[Christina] There's an Italian
place down the street.
I'm sure you know it. um...
I would like
to take you to dinner.
You don't have to do that.
I know.
[Casey] Um. I'm pretty hungry.
Unreal.
[phone ringing]
- Oh. it's Denise.
- Huh.
Hey. girl. what's up?
I don't think
this is an emergency.
but your cat puked twice.
Do you want me
to text you a photo?
No. No. no. no. please don't.
He seems fine now.
It was just alarming
and disgusting.
Should I take him to the vet.
just in case?
No. no. it's okay.
I'll. um. I-I'm coming
back soon. it's fine.
Okay. good.
So how was your trip?
It's good. It was a lot of...
a lot of work
and. you know. some play.
Uh. thanks for letting me know
about the cat puke.
My pleasure.
- See ya later.
- All right.
Bye. babe.
Why is Denise in Chicago?
'Cause she's. uh...
she's helping feed Kojak.
You want to know more?
- No. that's okay.
- Okay.
Okay. so this is
the general vicinity
where Tom was
when he left the voice mail.
And there's security cameras
right there.
So you think you can check them
out and see if they caught him?
- Yeah. sure.
- [sea lions barking]
May be some more
around here someplace. too.
Maybe over there.
What?
[sea lions barking]
Those are my barking dogs.
I'll be damned.
♪ ♪
[man singing faintly]
[man] ♪ Big shot. didn't ya? ♪
♪ Had to open up your mouth ♪
♪ You had to be a... ♪
[singing fades]
Okay. sister.
let's you and me get
something straight
between us right now.
All right? What's the deal?
I didn't know
we we're making a deal.
Was it George?
George who?
Was it Frank?
Who put you on my tail?
Seriously.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
So nobody paid you to follow me?
It's just a total coincidence
that everywhere I go.
you pop up. that's it?
It's a small city.
Besides. you ever notice.
every time you see me.
that I was already there?
Maybe you're following me.
I'm a leader. not a follower.
Sorry to spoil the intrigue.
♪ I'll give you one hint.
honey ♪
♪ You sure did put
on a show ♪♪
♪ ♪
[knocking at door]
Hey.
Oh...
I don't know what I'm doing.
[exhales]
I feel really lost.
Put me on the stand.
Uh...
I don't even know.
I mean...
how?
I got a plan.
♪ ♪